Xiao Can
Dad wants to see you
As long as you admit your mistake
Dad will take you back to the Jiang family
You can stop pretending.
Yesterday he publicly broke off relations with me
There is nothing between us now.
Don't you have an inch left?
We can come to you enough to give you face
I push my luck.
Did you come to me to let me go back to the Jiang family?
Is it because
Huacan Group and your Jiang family have terminated their cooperation.
You think I caused this?
That's why you came to me now
Pull me back to your Jiang family
You see you see
You finally admitted it.
It's you who's behind the scenes
Only then did Huacan Group cancel the cooperation with the Jiang family
The Jiang family has come to this point because of their own fault
Enough, Can
I know the Jiang family embarrassed you at the birthday party
You want revenge on the Jiang family
Just talking nonsense in front of Mr. Lu of Huacan Group
But if the Jiang family does not have the cooperation of Huacan Group
It's really over
You hurry up and go to Huacan Group
Explain the slander of the Jiang family clearly
I have never slandered the Jiang family
I will not make unnecessary explanations